c:\users\khaledgomaa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CSLY\CSLY\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\khaledgomaa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CSLY\CSLY\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\khaledgomaa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CSLY\CSLY\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\khaledgomaa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CSLY\CSLY\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\khaledgomaa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CSLY\CSLY\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\khaledgomaa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CSLY\CSLY\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\khaledgomaa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CSLY\CSLY\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\khaledgomaa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CSLY\CSLY\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\khaledgomaa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CSLY\CSLY\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\khaledgomaa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CSLY\CSLY\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\khaledgomaa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CSLY\CSLY\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\khaledgomaa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CSLY\CSLY\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\khaledgomaa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CSLY\CSLY\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\khaledgomaa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CSLY\CSLY\bin\CSLY.dll.config
c:\users\khaledgomaa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CSLY\CSLY\bin\CSLY.dll
c:\users\khaledgomaa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CSLY\CSLY\bin\CSLY.pdb
c:\users\khaledgomaa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CSLY\CSLY\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\khaledgomaa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CSLY\CSLY\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\khaledgomaa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CSLY\CSLY\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\khaledgomaa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CSLY\CSLY\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\users\khaledgomaa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CSLY\CSLY\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\users\khaledgomaa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CSLY\CSLY\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\users\khaledgomaa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CSLY\CSLY\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\users\khaledgomaa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CSLY\CSLY\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\users\khaledgomaa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CSLY\CSLY\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\users\khaledgomaa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CSLY\CSLY\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\users\khaledgomaa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CSLY\CSLY\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\khaledgomaa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CSLY\CSLY\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\khaledgomaa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CSLY\CSLY\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\users\khaledgomaa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CSLY\CSLY\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\khaledgomaa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CSLY\CSLY\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\khaledgomaa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CSLY\CSLY\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\khaledgomaa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CSLY\CSLY\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\users\khaledgomaa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CSLY\CSLY\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\khaledgomaa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CSLY\CSLY\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
c:\users\khaledgomaa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CSLY\CSLY\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
c:\users\khaledgomaa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CSLY\CSLY\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
c:\users\khaledgomaa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CSLY\CSLY\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\users\khaledgomaa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CSLY\CSLY\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
c:\users\khaledgomaa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CSLY\CSLY\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\khaledgomaa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CSLY\CSLY\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\khaledgomaa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CSLY\CSLY\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\khaledgomaa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CSLY\CSLY\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\khaledgomaa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CSLY\CSLY\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\khaledgomaa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CSLY\CSLY\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\khaledgomaa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CSLY\CSLY\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\khaledgomaa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CSLY\CSLY\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\khaledgomaa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CSLY\CSLY\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\khaledgomaa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CSLY\CSLY\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\khaledgomaa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CSLY\CSLY\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\khaledgomaa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CSLY\CSLY\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\users\khaledgomaa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CSLY\CSLY\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\users\khaledgomaa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CSLY\CSLY\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\users\khaledgomaa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CSLY\CSLY\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\users\khaledgomaa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CSLY\CSLY\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\khaledgomaa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CSLY\CSLY\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\khaledgomaa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CSLY\CSLY\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\khaledgomaa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CSLY\CSLY\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\khaledgomaa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CSLY\CSLY\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\khaledgomaa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CSLY\CSLY\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\khaledgomaa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CSLY\CSLY\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\khaledgomaa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CSLY\CSLY\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\khaledgomaa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CSLY\CSLY\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\khaledgomaa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CSLY\CSLY\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\khaledgomaa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CSLY\CSLY\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\khaledgomaa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CSLY\CSLY\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\khaledgomaa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CSLY\CSLY\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\khaledgomaa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CSLY\CSLY\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\khaledgomaa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CSLY\CSLY\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\khaledgomaa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CSLY\CSLY\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\khaledgomaa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CSLY\CSLY\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\khaledgomaa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CSLY\CSLY\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\khaledgomaa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CSLY\CSLY\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\khaledgomaa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CSLY\CSLY\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
c:\users\khaledgomaa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CSLY\CSLY\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\khaledgomaa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CSLY\CSLY\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\users\khaledgomaa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CSLY\CSLY\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
c:\users\khaledgomaa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CSLY\CSLY\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
c:\users\khaledgomaa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CSLY\CSLY\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
c:\users\khaledgomaa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CSLY\CSLY\obj\Debug\CSLY.dll
c:\users\khaledgomaa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CSLY\CSLY\obj\Debug\CSLY.pdb
C:\Users\KhaledGomaa\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CSLY\CSLY\obj\Debug\CSLY.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\CSLY\CSLY\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
E:\CSLY\CSLY\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
E:\CSLY\CSLY\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
E:\CSLY\CSLY\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
E:\CSLY\CSLY\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
E:\CSLY\CSLY\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
E:\CSLY\CSLY\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
E:\CSLY\CSLY\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
E:\CSLY\CSLY\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
E:\CSLY\CSLY\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
E:\CSLY\CSLY\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
E:\CSLY\CSLY\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
E:\CSLY\CSLY\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
E:\CSLY\CSLY\bin\CSLY.dll.config
E:\CSLY\CSLY\bin\CSLY.dll
E:\CSLY\CSLY\bin\CSLY.pdb
E:\CSLY\CSLY\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
E:\CSLY\CSLY\bin\EntityFramework.dll
E:\CSLY\CSLY\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
E:\CSLY\CSLY\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
E:\CSLY\CSLY\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
E:\CSLY\CSLY\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
E:\CSLY\CSLY\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
E:\CSLY\CSLY\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
E:\CSLY\CSLY\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
E:\CSLY\CSLY\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
E:\CSLY\CSLY\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
E:\CSLY\CSLY\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
E:\CSLY\CSLY\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
E:\CSLY\CSLY\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
E:\CSLY\CSLY\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
E:\CSLY\CSLY\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
E:\CSLY\CSLY\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
E:\CSLY\CSLY\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
E:\CSLY\CSLY\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
E:\CSLY\CSLY\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
E:\CSLY\CSLY\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
E:\CSLY\CSLY\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
E:\CSLY\CSLY\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
E:\CSLY\CSLY\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
E:\CSLY\CSLY\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
E:\CSLY\CSLY\bin\Owin.dll
E:\CSLY\CSLY\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
E:\CSLY\CSLY\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
E:\CSLY\CSLY\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
E:\CSLY\CSLY\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
E:\CSLY\CSLY\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
E:\CSLY\CSLY\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
E:\CSLY\CSLY\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
E:\CSLY\CSLY\bin\WebGrease.dll
E:\CSLY\CSLY\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
E:\CSLY\CSLY\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
E:\CSLY\CSLY\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
E:\CSLY\CSLY\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
E:\CSLY\CSLY\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
E:\CSLY\CSLY\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
E:\CSLY\CSLY\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
E:\CSLY\CSLY\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
E:\CSLY\CSLY\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
E:\CSLY\CSLY\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
E:\CSLY\CSLY\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
E:\CSLY\CSLY\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
E:\CSLY\CSLY\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
E:\CSLY\CSLY\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
E:\CSLY\CSLY\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
E:\CSLY\CSLY\bin\EntityFramework.xml
E:\CSLY\CSLY\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
E:\CSLY\CSLY\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
E:\CSLY\CSLY\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
E:\CSLY\CSLY\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
E:\CSLY\CSLY\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
E:\CSLY\CSLY\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
E:\CSLY\CSLY\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
E:\CSLY\CSLY\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
E:\CSLY\CSLY\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
E:\CSLY\CSLY\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
E:\CSLY\CSLY\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
E:\CSLY\CSLY\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
E:\CSLY\CSLY\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
E:\CSLY\CSLY\obj\Debug\CSLY.dll
E:\CSLY\CSLY\obj\Debug\CSLY.pdb
E:\CSLY\CSLY\obj\Debug\CSLY.Migrations.InitialModel.resources
E:\CSLY\CSLY\obj\Debug\CSLY.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
E:\CSLY\CSLY\obj\Debug\CSLY.Migrations.InitialModel1.resources
E:\CSLY\CSLY\obj\Debug\CSLY.Migrations.MakeCategoryNameToBeUniqueValue.resources
E:\CSLY\CSLY\bin\AutoMapper.dll
E:\CSLY\CSLY\bin\AutoMapper.xml
E:\CSLY\CSLY\obj\Debug\CSLY.Migrations.MakeMessageForUniqueValidationOnCategoryName.resources
E:\CSLY\CSLY\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
E:\CSLY\CSLY\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
E:\CSLY\CSLY\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
E:\CSLY\CSLY\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
E:\CSLY\CSLY\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
E:\CSLY\CSLY\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
E:\CSLY\CSLY\obj\Debug\CSLY.Migrations.DeleteSelectListPropFromProduct.resources
E:\CSLY\CSLY\obj\Debug\CSLY.Migrations.IDontKnowReally.resources
E:\CSLY\CSLY\obj\Debug\CSLY.Migrations.UpdateProductAndSlideImageModels.resources
E:\CSLY\CSLY\obj\Debug\CSLY.Migrations.ContinueUpdatingProduct.resources
E:\CSLY\CSLY\obj\Debug\CSLY.Migrations.TrySomething.resources
E:\CSLY\CSLY\obj\Debug\CSLY.Migrations.RecoverMyMistakeBuddy.resources
E:\CSLY\CSLY\obj\Debug\CSLY.Migrations.GetTiredWallahyOfTheNeedTOAddMigration.resources
E:\CSLY\CSLY\obj\Debug\CSLY.Migrations.DropTableSlideImage.resources
E:\Courses\CSLY\CSLY\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
E:\Courses\CSLY\CSLY\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
E:\Courses\CSLY\CSLY\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
E:\Courses\CSLY\CSLY\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
E:\Courses\CSLY\CSLY\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
E:\Courses\CSLY\CSLY\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
E:\Courses\CSLY\CSLY\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
E:\Courses\CSLY\CSLY\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
E:\Courses\CSLY\CSLY\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
E:\Courses\CSLY\CSLY\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
E:\Courses\CSLY\CSLY\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
E:\Courses\CSLY\CSLY\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
E:\Courses\CSLY\CSLY\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
E:\Courses\CSLY\CSLY\bin\CSLY.dll.config
E:\Courses\CSLY\CSLY\bin\CSLY.dll
E:\Courses\CSLY\CSLY\bin\CSLY.pdb
E:\Courses\CSLY\CSLY\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
E:\Courses\CSLY\CSLY\bin\AutoMapper.dll
E:\Courses\CSLY\CSLY\bin\EntityFramework.dll
E:\Courses\CSLY\CSLY\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
E:\Courses\CSLY\CSLY\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
E:\Courses\CSLY\CSLY\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
E:\Courses\CSLY\CSLY\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
E:\Courses\CSLY\CSLY\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
E:\Courses\CSLY\CSLY\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
E:\Courses\CSLY\CSLY\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
E:\Courses\CSLY\CSLY\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
E:\Courses\CSLY\CSLY\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
E:\Courses\CSLY\CSLY\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
E:\Courses\CSLY\CSLY\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
E:\Courses\CSLY\CSLY\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
E:\Courses\CSLY\CSLY\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
E:\Courses\CSLY\CSLY\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
E:\Courses\CSLY\CSLY\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
E:\Courses\CSLY\CSLY\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
E:\Courses\CSLY\CSLY\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
E:\Courses\CSLY\CSLY\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
E:\Courses\CSLY\CSLY\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
E:\Courses\CSLY\CSLY\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
E:\Courses\CSLY\CSLY\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
E:\Courses\CSLY\CSLY\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
E:\Courses\CSLY\CSLY\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
E:\Courses\CSLY\CSLY\bin\Owin.dll
E:\Courses\CSLY\CSLY\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
E:\Courses\CSLY\CSLY\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
E:\Courses\CSLY\CSLY\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
E:\Courses\CSLY\CSLY\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
E:\Courses\CSLY\CSLY\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
E:\Courses\CSLY\CSLY\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
E:\Courses\CSLY\CSLY\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
E:\Courses\CSLY\CSLY\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
E:\Courses\CSLY\CSLY\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
E:\Courses\CSLY\CSLY\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
E:\Courses\CSLY\CSLY\bin\WebGrease.dll
E:\Courses\CSLY\CSLY\bin\AutoMapper.xml
E:\Courses\CSLY\CSLY\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
E:\Courses\CSLY\CSLY\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
E:\Courses\CSLY\CSLY\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
E:\Courses\CSLY\CSLY\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
E:\Courses\CSLY\CSLY\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
E:\Courses\CSLY\CSLY\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
E:\Courses\CSLY\CSLY\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
E:\Courses\CSLY\CSLY\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
E:\Courses\CSLY\CSLY\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
E:\Courses\CSLY\CSLY\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
E:\Courses\CSLY\CSLY\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
E:\Courses\CSLY\CSLY\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
E:\Courses\CSLY\CSLY\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
E:\Courses\CSLY\CSLY\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
E:\Courses\CSLY\CSLY\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
E:\Courses\CSLY\CSLY\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
E:\Courses\CSLY\CSLY\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
E:\Courses\CSLY\CSLY\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
E:\Courses\CSLY\CSLY\bin\EntityFramework.xml
E:\Courses\CSLY\CSLY\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
E:\Courses\CSLY\CSLY\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
E:\Courses\CSLY\CSLY\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
E:\Courses\CSLY\CSLY\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
E:\Courses\CSLY\CSLY\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
E:\Courses\CSLY\CSLY\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
E:\Courses\CSLY\CSLY\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
E:\Courses\CSLY\CSLY\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
E:\Courses\CSLY\CSLY\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
E:\Courses\CSLY\CSLY\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
E:\Courses\CSLY\CSLY\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
E:\Courses\CSLY\CSLY\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
E:\Courses\CSLY\CSLY\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
E:\Courses\CSLY\CSLY\obj\Debug\CSLY.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\Courses\CSLY\CSLY\obj\Debug\CSLY.Migrations.InitialModel.resources
E:\Courses\CSLY\CSLY\obj\Debug\CSLY.Migrations.InitialModel1.resources
E:\Courses\CSLY\CSLY\obj\Debug\CSLY.Migrations.MakeCategoryNameToBeUniqueValue.resources
E:\Courses\CSLY\CSLY\obj\Debug\CSLY.Migrations.MakeMessageForUniqueValidationOnCategoryName.resources
E:\Courses\CSLY\CSLY\obj\Debug\CSLY.Migrations.DeleteSelectListPropFromProduct.resources
E:\Courses\CSLY\CSLY\obj\Debug\CSLY.Migrations.IDontKnowReally.resources
E:\Courses\CSLY\CSLY\obj\Debug\CSLY.Migrations.UpdateProductAndSlideImageModels.resources
E:\Courses\CSLY\CSLY\obj\Debug\CSLY.Migrations.ContinueUpdatingProduct.resources
E:\Courses\CSLY\CSLY\obj\Debug\CSLY.Migrations.TrySomething.resources
E:\Courses\CSLY\CSLY\obj\Debug\CSLY.Migrations.RecoverMyMistakeBuddy.resources
E:\Courses\CSLY\CSLY\obj\Debug\CSLY.Migrations.GetTiredWallahyOfTheNeedTOAddMigration.resources
E:\Courses\CSLY\CSLY\obj\Debug\CSLY.Migrations.DropTableSlideImage.resources
E:\Courses\CSLY\CSLY\obj\Debug\CSLY.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
E:\Courses\CSLY\CSLY\obj\Debug\CSLY.dll
E:\Courses\CSLY\CSLY\obj\Debug\CSLY.pdb
E:\Courses\CSLY\CSLY\bin\System.Web.Cors.dll
E:\Courses\CSLY\CSLY\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.dll
E:\Courses\CSLY\CSLY\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.xml
E:\Courses\CSLY\CSLY\bin\credentials.json
E:\Courses\CSLY\CSLY\bin\Google.Apis.Auth.dll
E:\Courses\CSLY\CSLY\bin\Google.Apis.Auth.PlatformServices.dll
E:\Courses\CSLY\CSLY\bin\Google.Apis.Core.dll
E:\Courses\CSLY\CSLY\bin\Google.Apis.dll
E:\Courses\CSLY\CSLY\bin\Google.Apis.Drive.v3.dll
E:\Courses\CSLY\CSLY\bin\Google.Apis.PlatformServices.dll
E:\Courses\CSLY\CSLY\bin\Google.Apis.pdb
E:\Courses\CSLY\CSLY\bin\Google.Apis.xml
E:\Courses\CSLY\CSLY\bin\Google.Apis.Auth.pdb
E:\Courses\CSLY\CSLY\bin\Google.Apis.Auth.xml
E:\Courses\CSLY\CSLY\bin\Google.Apis.Core.pdb
E:\Courses\CSLY\CSLY\bin\Google.Apis.Core.xml
E:\Courses\CSLY\CSLY\bin\Google.Apis.Drive.v3.pdb
E:\Courses\CSLY\CSLY\bin\Google.Apis.Drive.v3.xml
E:\Courses\CSLY\CSLY\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.JsonWebTokens.dll
E:\Courses\CSLY\CSLY\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Logging.dll
E:\Courses\CSLY\CSLY\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Tokens.dll
E:\Courses\CSLY\CSLY\bin\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.dll
E:\Courses\CSLY\CSLY\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.JsonWebTokens.xml
E:\Courses\CSLY\CSLY\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Logging.xml
E:\Courses\CSLY\CSLY\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Tokens.xml
E:\Courses\CSLY\CSLY\bin\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.xml
E:\Courses\CSLY\CSLY\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Jwt.dll
E:\Courses\CSLY\CSLY\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.dll
E:\Courses\CSLY\CSLY\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Jwt.xml
E:\Courses\CSLY\CSLY\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.xml
E:\Courses\CSLY\CSLY\obj\Debug\CSLY.Migrations.CreateAnewModelCalledAccountInfo.resources
E:\Courses\CSLY\CSLY\obj\Debug\CSLY.Migrations.AddNewFieldtoAspNetusersTableCalledClientIdasForignKeyToAccountInfoModel.resources
E:\Courses\CSLY\CSLY\obj\Debug\CSLY.Migrations.addaccountinfoId.resources
E:\Courses\CSLY\CSLY\obj\Debug\CSLY.Migrations.dontcareofit.resources
E:\Courses\CSLY\CSLY\obj\Debug\CSLY.Migrations.skipthisone.resources
E:\Courses\CSLY\CSLY\obj\Debug\CSLY.Migrations.UpdateAccountInfoTable.resources
E:\Courses\CSLY\CSLY\obj\Debug\CSLY.Migrations.UpdateAccountInfoTableDeleteUserName.resources
E:\Courses\CSLY\CSLY\obj\Debug\CSLY.Migrations.ModifyShippingModel.resources
E:\Courses\CSLY\CSLY\obj\Debug\CSLY.Migrations.updatecarttabletoOrder.resources
E:\Courses\CSLY\CSLY\obj\Debug\CSLY.Migrations.UpdateForiegnKeyConcept.resources
E:\Courses\CSLY\CSLY\obj\Debug\CSLY.Migrations.updateShippingForiegnKey.resources
E:\Courses\CSLY\CSLY\obj\Debug\CSLY.Migrations.updateForiegnKeysForSomeTables.resources
E:\Courses\CSLY\CSLY\obj\Debug\CSLY.Migrations.idontknow.resources
E:\Courses\CSLY\CSLY\obj\Debug\CSLY.Migrations.DeleteShippingIdFromOrderItemTable.resources
E:\Courses\CSLY\CSLY\obj\Debug\CSLY.Migrations.MakeProductNameUniqueInDB.resources
E:\Courses\CSLY\CSLY\obj\Debug\CSLY.Migrations.addPriceToOrderItemTable.resources
E:\Courses\CSLY\CSLY\bin\CloudinaryDotNet.dll
E:\Courses\CSLY\CSLY\bin\System.Runtime.InteropServices.RuntimeInformation.dll
E:\Courses\CSLY\CSLY\bin\System.Text.Encodings.Web.dll
E:\Courses\CSLY\CSLY\bin\CloudinaryDotNet.xml
E:\Courses\CSLY\CSLY\bin\System.Text.Encodings.Web.xml
